okay guys hey what's up um haven't done
a video in a couple days and i think
this is a pretty good one to start off
with now I hope the care package glitch
was supposed to be fixed obviously they
found a way to do it keep your eyes on
Kevin k Kevin's Aquila and reality real
i believe is their name yeah Kevin seven
kills I'm sorry well he already got a
stealth bomber from that loan um I was
getting raped this round because I was
just following these guys around so paid
no attention to the score it is horrible
and yeah I don't know what I'm gonna do
about this game this is this game is so
fucking bullshit that they can't fix one
glitch without it opening up the same
exact glitch a different way I think
he's doing it with a I guess claymores
or something I'm not even really sure I
never really looked it up and begin with
um he got an M right there so that kind
of screwed him but I think he dies
anyway but yeah I see his claim or just
like blew up kind of late there I don't
know don't ask me because I will never
know I do not want a glitch I won't
glitch on this game anymore um the only
glitch that I ever did was the care
package glitch where you run around and
knife and stuff but you know what I did
that for probably a day and then I
stopped I just do not want to glitch in
this game but if they don't patch up all
this stuff soon they're not going to
have any more people to play with I mean
it Infinity Ward has just lost all
credibility with this game but yeah so
if you guys have any opinions on it
leave your comments enough well I guess
leave comments in the box below but this
is just retarded oh but I have to say
that I did get a pretty good uh I love
just kill that I'm about to get right
here because I mean I could I could not
see his ass and somehow I managed to get
a headshot look at that how I don't me I
didn't even see him really I just kind
of randomly shot
but then again I just got my ass own
because I wasn't really playing this
round I was just kind of fucking around
watching those guys but uh yeah so this
was kind of a waste of the video i just
wanted to point this out and hopefully
uh I can get infinity words attention
and get these guys band you guys if you
have any body on your friends list at or
is promoting these glitches I mean just
sit them down a little nose bullshit
little know that I mean they should
really stop this let me look at this a
freakin pavelow attack helicopter on the
UA GE because that's that's not bullshit
at all again if if you know and if you
have physical proof that these guys are
glitching go ahead and turn them in I'm
gonna try to turn these guys in
hopefully they'll get either setback
like level 1 or something or get banned
completely but damn I mean this is look
at that shit anyway so I'm kind of rent
or rambling on now run out of things to
length about glitching is bad don't do
it peace out this is bloody kittens um
tune in for my next videos i guess i'll
be putting up like three of them today
so i think the other ones would be a
little more exciting oh but the other
one does involve another hacker so have
fun with that peace out
and I
when the war has just begun